OPSEXP-1932 Update architecture image with Admin Console (#878)
Alfresco/acs-deployment: README.md

```

Once the tagged workflow is successful, the release process has completed.

## How to update workflow diagrams of Alfresco latest version

> * Go to the `docs/docker-compose/diagrams` folder of the repository and there you will find 2 plantuml source files and 2 diagram files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to the `docs/docker-compose/diagrams` and/or `docs/helm/diagrams` folders of the repository and there you will find 2 plantuml source files and their PNG diagram files.
```
